Adding meeting 23 minutes (#282)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/FAQ.md

# Frequently asked questions

### What is AlmaLinux?

AlmaLinux OS is a community-owned and driven, stable and secure *Linux®* distribution that is ABI compatible with *RHEL*.

### Can I do X, Y, or Z with AlmaLinux?

Sure! AlmaLinux OS, much like RHEL and CentOS Stream is a general purpose operating system. If it works with upstream (RHEL) then it should work exactly the same on AlmaLinux. We are not 1:1 with CentOS Stream, as Stream may at points track ahead of our releases. 

### Will you always be ABI compatible with RHEL?

Unless RHEL dramatically shifts development direction (again), our response will continue to be yes. 

> In July 2023 we changed directions from a 1:1 binary clone of RHEL to an ABI compatible version of RHEL. You can read more about that on our [blog](https://almalinux.org/blog/impact-of-rhel-changes/).

Author: ```suggestion
In July 2023 we changed directions from a 1:1 binary downstream rebuild of RHEL to a goal of ABI compatibility. You can read more about that on our [blog](https://almalinux.org/blog/impact-of-rhel-changes/).
```
